Add a description of the hemispheres.tiff file (#161)
brainglobe/brainglobe.github.io: docs/source/documentation/brainglobe-atlasapi/usage/using-the-files-directly.md

* `reference.tiff` The "template" brain image, i.e., a structural image of the brain \(or average of brains\) in which the annotations are defined
* `annotation.tiff` An image of the same shape as `reference.tiff` but in which each pixel value corresponds to a unique brain area. A pixel value of 0 typically refers to areas outside the brain

> * `hemispheres.tiff` (optional) An image of the same shape as `reference.tiff` but in which each pixel value corresponds to either the left or right hemisphere. They are labeled 0 and 1 respectively

Reviewer: @alessandrofelder, do you know if the hemisphere file is optional?

Reviewer 2: I thinks so. My understanding of [the hemispheres property](https://github.com/brainglobe/brainglobe-atlasapi/blob/53795e2b6a1e9628e3ffcbfa0a01c1293c93fdf2/brainglobe_atlasapi/core.py#L125) suggests that for symmetric atlases we don't store a tiff file, but rather generate the hemispheres when accessed?

> * `hemispheres.tiff` (optional) An image of the same shape as `reference.tiff` but in which each pixel value corresponds to either the left or right hemisphere. They are labeled 0 and 1 respectively. This file is only present for assymetrical templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `hemispheres.tiff` (optional) An image of the same shape as `reference.tiff` but in which each pixel value corresponds to either the left or right hemisphere. They are labelled 0 and 1 respectively. This file is only present for asymmetrical templates
```
